Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we separate our register handle the code from our registered page be page and the same
for logging handler.
Just make things a little bit easier to work with a little bit neater.
Now we've done that we can actually continue with our registered burn handler actually prepare to insert
the data into the database.
So I'm just quickly going to remove the spaces between these just so keeps things together.
And we're going to mention space underneath that.
So there's a bunch of checks me doing these things for example which change the user name is long enough
for their first name is long enough that the emails match to each other their passwords match the password
then contain a cast down to contain.
So yeah there's a bunch of checks which you do on these things so we're going to do this stuff right
here and we're going to create functions that do this for us instead of run all the code in this space
here.
All right functions here we'll just call the functions very similar to how we did here with the sanitized
functions.
So underneath these functions here we'll create our validation functions which is going to validate
the input so function.
This can be validated username like that validate the user name and it's going to take a user name.
So you can just you end if you want user name right.
And actually copy that copy paste that and this will validate first name first name.
And this can just be the first name.
Same thing for last name.
So eveillard Day last name.
This can be 11.
And then we only have to offer to create here the moment it's going to be one is going to be validate
emails e-mails plural e-mails because we have two e-mails moments here and then comma and do two and
then the last one is it for me for the passwords.
So copy basically validate e-mails one is give me validate passwords passwords and what can be done
with a password and then double you too and that's it.
Now we should call those functions to copy the name of the Valar that username function and down here
just call it and pass in user name like that.
Okay.
Copy and paste that I made.
We have one two three four five.
So one two three four five and just take the names of these file name.
This is be first name change the variable to first name then move our date last name right.
There are changes to last name.
Validate e-mails and change this to our email and email too.
OK in the last one involved a password validate passwords like that and then.
Password and then password too and that's it.
We call all of our nation functions call obviously they have a thing in them yet but we've called them
and we don't want to do anything with them so these won't return any things around to get any data from
then we'd have to do something like resolved because the result of this call because there will be no
result.
So we don't have to actually do anything with the we just have to call these because all these functions
are going to do is check that they're okay if they're not it's going to insert some error messages into
an error message.
Ray I will explain that now you'll see how that works as we go.
But that's all we need to do for now.